---
title: "Sleep in the bathroom sink"
date: 2018-08-24
---

# Sleep in the bathroom sink
## Fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum

Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, has closed eyes but still sees you and mark territory for that box? i can fit in that box stare at guinea pigs. A nice warm laptop for me to sit on lick human with sandpaper tongue or my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper. Snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep purr or this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!! 

eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants. Play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard nap all day, lick yarn hanging out of own butt for meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat sleep in the bathroom sink twitch tail in permanent irritation. Scratch. Unwrap toilet paper. Lick butt and make a weird face under the bed. I am the best. Nya nya nyan. Has closed eyes but still sees you meow to be let out. 

Tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad meow to be let in. Allways wanting food kitty scratches couch bad kitty so dream about hunting birds for hide at bottom of staircase to trip human and licks paws. Rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent rub face on everything the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws, the cat was chasing the mouse suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage. Hide head under blanket so no one can see sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum, sit in a box for hours ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway, or kitten is playing with dead mouse chill on the couch table so a nice warm laptop for me to sit on. Roll on the floor purring your whiskers off hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy but meow meow.

source: [catipsum.com](http://www.catipsum.com/)
